Traditional management
is no longer effective.
The companies ultimately do
is project management and for
that what has been left
out are specialists profiles.
You are no longer part of a
function, you are already part of
a project where people from other
departments are and you have
to have knowledge of those departments.
You have to have knowledge of
finance, marketing, marketing,
strategy because then your
added value for the company
will be much greater than if
you were to be a mere specialist.
Because in the end the impact that
a specialist has is already
completely out of date and is null,
however if you develop your
holistic profile the added value
you bring to a company is infinitely
greater than that that a specialist
provides.